Add mod query_and_stop_aws_ec2_instances_by_tag (#99)
turbot/flowpipe-samples: public_cloud/query_and_stop_aws_ec2_instance/README.md

> # Query and Stop AWS EC2 Instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Query and Stop AWS EC2 Instances by Tag
```

> Query and Stop AWS EC2 Instance based on the tag value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query a list of running AWS EC2 instances with the tag key-value pair `status: decom` using Steampipe and then stop them.
```
